build: trigger patch release and add community section to README.md (#305)
defenseunicorns/kubernetes-fluent-client: README.md

    console.error(err);
  });
```

### Community

> To join our channel go to [Kubernetes Slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/kubernetes/community) and join #pepr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To chat with other users & see some examples of the fluent client in active use, go to [Kubernetes Slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/kubernetes/community) and join `#pepr` channel.
```
